Update notes for 3.14.0 GA (#3728)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/doc-Release_Notes/topics/foreman.adoc

[id="foreman-headline-features"]
== Headline Features

=== IPv6 Support

Deployment and operation in IPv6-only networks is now fully supported.

Provisioning over IPv6 is supported on bare metal hosts.

> For compute resources, you can define the machine outside Foreman on the compute resource and then you can provision the machine as bare metal in Foreman.

Reviewer: Is there any reference on why image mode in IPv6-only wouldn't work?

Author: not sure tbh, just what I was given

> For compute resources, you can define the machine outside Satellite on the compute resource and then you can provision the machine as bare metal in Satellite.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For compute resources, you can define the machine outside Foreman on the compute resource and then you can provision the machine as bare metal in Foreman.
```

=== Secure Boot provisioning

> Support for Secure Boot provisioning on bare-metal, VMware vSphere and Libvirt across multiple operating systems.

Reviewer: @nofaralfasi is this a good addition? I want to also imply that VMs will be created with Secure Boot enabled.
```suggestion
Provisioning with Secure Boot is now supported on bare-metal, VMware vSphere and Libvirt across multiple operating systems.
New virtual machines will be created with the default keys enrolled.
```

Reviewer 3: I don't quite follow. Are you referring to all new VMs being created with the default keys enrolled (which isn't the case)? Or are you talking specifically about new VMs with Secure Boot enabled? If it's the latter, why is it important to mention that here? Isn't that implicit?

Reviewer 3: LGTM. Thanks!

=== Invalidate JWT for global registration

> This will give users the ability to edit user permissions and invalidate JWT tokens for other users, invalidate self's token, and admins can invalidate selfs and other user tokens

Reviewer: In release notes you are talking to the user, not about the user. When you write "This will give users" you're talking in the future tense, but the change has already landed so it should be written in the present tense.

The exact phrasing can probably be best reviewed by a writer, but how about:

```suggestion
Users can now invalidate their own tokens for global registration.
Users with the `edit_users` permission can also invalidate all tokens for all users in a single action.
```

[id="foreman-headline-features"]
== Headline Features

=== IPv6 Support

Deployment and operation in IPv6-only networks is now fully supported.

Provisioning over IPv6 is supported on bare metal hosts.
For compute resources, you can define the machine outside Foreman on the compute resource and then you can provision the machine as bare metal in Foreman.

=== Secure Boot provisioning

Provisioning with Secure Boot is now supported on bare-metal, VMware vSphere and Libvirt across multiple operating systems.
New virtual machines with Secure Boot enabled will be created with the default keys enrolled.

=== Invalidate JWT for global registration

This will give users the ability to edit user permissions and invalidate JWT tokens for otherers can now invalidate their own tokens for global registration.

> Users with the `edit_users` permission can also invalidate all tokens for all users in a single action.users, invalidate self's token, and admins can invalidate selfs and other user tokens

Reviewer: I'm not sure what happened to this sentence my suggestion, but this doesn't read well to me.

The first sentence is also just wrong in saying that it gives users the ability to edit user permissions. It doesn't. Users that have the `edit_users` permission can now invalidate tokens for other users. In my suggestion I tried to split it up into 2 clear cases: something that's true for all users and something that's true for users with a specific permission.

Also, I've never seen `self's` before and it really confuses me. I'm not a native speaker, but if I look at https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/self I see no definition that fits. Shouldn't there be a possessive pronoun in this context?
